Lh/march 25 updates search yes (#103)
GSA-TTS/FAC-transition-site: src/status/index.md

This page tracks the operating status of the FAC, both for audit submission and search.

## March 25, 2024

> [Search](https://app.fac.gov/dissemination/search/) is now fully functional and available for users. 
> 
> If you have questions about search, please [contact the FAC helpdesk.](https://support.fac.gov/hc/en-us/requests/new)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[Search](https://app.fac.gov/dissemination/search/) is now fully restored and available for users. We split search functionality into two pages:

* [Basic search](https://app.fac.gov/dissemination/search/): supports real-time search. We recommend this page for auditors and auditees who would like to confirm their submissions are complete.
* [Advanced search](https://app.fac.gov/dissemination/search/advanced/): supports search features typically required by federal users. Updated nightly.

If you have questions about search, please [contact the FAC helpdesk.](https://support.fac.gov/hc/en-us/requests/new)
```
